The General Network Audit and Remediation GNAR app is a command line utility used to query various network parametric data from a generic database and aligns and sanitizes simulation data.  GNAR works by reading, aggregating live network data and populating a network MSSQL database. This data is the audited for network integrity. If there are errors in the network configuration, that are incorrect, these errors are highlighted and logged and will not be changed in the simulation datastore. The errors are compared against a set of network rules that are stored in a python list that can be modified for new or changing use cases. After the network input data has been audited, the simulation data which is also stored in MSSQL database is audit against the cleaned network data. There are multiple tests that are conducted during this audit, initially 6 individual tests each with its own set of reports that track errors in the database. These tests are modular in design and can be easily added or modified as network changes are made, or new simulation data checks are required. Once these processes are executed the changes to the MSSQL database are made directly by the python remediation engine and a report is generated to the user in the terminal. If there are any failures those are documented and logged as well. All these actions can further be scheduled so that GNAR runs once or multiple times a day that will not require any manual execution of the GNAR application. All reporting and log data is also stored in the same MSSQL database for easy access at any time. 
GNAR: data ingest --> clean --> comparatize sanitization --> write corrections --> report --> rinse and repeat 
